well everybody survived a showcase here
today I want to bring out this Lansky
machete it's a 14-inch carbon fiber
steel blade comes with a nice sheath
here you can wear it at your side on the
belt loop it's got the loop right
through here just put on your belt or in
your fear with anything a word into the
woods day it worked awesome
along with this kit when you buy it
comes in a clamp a kit comes with this
puck here it's got a really coarse side
on the side and on the other side it's
got a nice smooth side for touching up
your blade you can read profile with the
scorer sides coarse enough and then just
some fine tuning on the light side so
it's got a nice nice saw back on it
right here it's got a hole up here at
the front and then it's got a nice blade
cut all the way through their ground in
their full tang construction screw here
screw here it's got a nice wrist lanyard
back here to put your hand through so
that you're controlled at all times
chop away this worked really welcomed
into the whist I don't know what it'll
be like on this but yeah no problem done
small stick but it does it does a wicked
job I cut that tree but some people
might not like that overall today when I
tested it worked awesome
I created a path right into the wood so
I was hacking away like this I had to I
just this lanyard around my wrist of
course and never slept at all it's got a
really nice feeling handle you see it
comes down here comes up and it's there
it's got a nice hand guard on it and
hand guards actually built into the
blade as well so that's not going to
move or break off of there it's nice and
solid to just keep using it no problems
feels nice and comfortable in the hand
so I'd recommend this for anybody for
the bug out bag or you know your
survival box whatever you got a home
there you keep all your tools in be an
awesome addition to it I'm going to put
this in mind for sure and that's it guys
survival show
sweet machete Lansky thanks a lot
14-inch
Lansky machete term steel blade saw back
ground flat awesome job guys thanks